[v2] Remove multilingual task (#1926)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/adding_a_dataset.md

evaluation.run(model)
```

> > **Note:** for multilingual / crosslingual tasks, make sure you've specified `eval_langs` as dictionary. [Example](../mteb/tasks/Classification/multilingual/MTOPIntentClassification.py).

Reviewer: Making the link part of the sentence.
```suggestion
> **Note:** for multilingual / crosslingual tasks, make sure you've specified `eval_langs` as a dictionary, as shown in [this example](../mteb/tasks/Classification/multilingual/MTOPIntentClassification.py).
```

> > **Note:** for multilingual / crosslingual tasks, make sure your class added `is_multiligual=True` to class attributes like in [this](../mteb/tasks/Classification/multilingual/MTOPIntentClassification.py) example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** for multilingual / crosslingual tasks, make sure you've added `is_multiligual=True` to the class attributes like in [this](../mteb/tasks/Classification/multilingual/MTOPIntentClassification.py) example.
```
